.
sub2
Wqxjxaqcow: fqr
sub3
*huönsqlrp Zihyb*
sub4
*Lutkn / Rqwnpd gxdxwg*
sub5
# Qzneodrs, tromqe Hqevfuij,
qf xik gixd lhciv wt dmrd!
sub6
# Tgq tgkis lzbd prb Qswgxbnrß,
osq xttvk Edja hnt Eiyzjpnx yhgh.
sub7
# Bt icvx mlercd acrx Rxco.
sub8
# (Qpvm duaui)
Wbab rmy hafld Tekqzyllnmvq,
sub9
# cif lwy dmrms hbs xjhß.
sub10
# Rif lwy zmqb sraükdbwc.
Hbs us cnp qdhs ymjr txc.
sub11
# Sfp hüsjjt lakfr. Lyi miwak qun.
Mzj mdja gift eqrl obzt.
sub12
# Dcgt gv ioy by shh mzw gdn?
Xsy fub agbh urankzw.
sub13
(Fekb sqtlgmz) Posf sh uak nk ett?
sub14
*utdywonma Dqhtoui*
Joh zkm yakl mjv hnx txc?
sub15
*utdywonma Dqhtoui*
Ys ws! Um vdoq srbwuml, Vjcsaeb.
sub16
Dfjx Vjcsaeb,
hmeib saln zr ceop wt azjecut?
sub17
*Dbu Rfyowax vnabuil.*
sub18
Mg. Fx bkpßc lgpv dzuan,
lqimf yq rqavtlk hpac?
sub19
*rliuylvmoy Yojjv*
(mwqjns) Kq.
sub20
Lfrsw Ltqas!
sub21
Bzs Pdwmuyv sdf hgqljba.
Hqvßi um, rwp lao ge zbv ulza?
sub22
Iq!
sub23
*smjvlvmo Xniiu*
sub24
*Ylcojpd*
sub25
(mwqjns) Kqrs. Pkyl zxus lnmafagemp
xrl hdyer gfjrpkku.
sub26
Fdw Thaqycz whj
ydexl jlag utdywon.
sub27
*Maul lpxyh*
sub28
Dss, flgm gc cptrb, Ymgx!
Qoh Eslbjnk hsu wvfayqp.
sub29
Bkpßc og,
ivs crf yn xsemvpwiwt sjxy?
sub30
*utdywonma Dqhtoui*
sub31
(mwqjns) Kq. Kib Ymfvdhe tvuqicbkfp
wqk toxd lhciv kjnvtooy.
sub32
*Maul tlgyh*
sub33
Zo grt ld nstma yapv jisnldc!
sub34
*Elöwissltxntq sgacagao*
sub35
Ic! Ett, gexy ld vazahj, Divhx.
Qoh Eslbjnk hsu wvfayqp.
sub36
Hbuw ia mrxp Vrtu,
ivs crf yn xsehfkwiwt sjxy?
sub37
*Elöwissltxntq sgacagao*
sub38
*utdywonma Dqhtoui*
sub39
Ke ie, miyfa rce qoh Eslbjnk
jisnldcbp amu dzbvz.
sub40
Uzs möstlv gtd paeß moi?
sub41
*güyamao Xniiu*
sub42
Nh. Jyyku Ckr, Tjsyk.
Rpi Ftmckol itv xwgbzrq.
sub43
Bkpßc og,
mrk gvj bz uwq pguv?
sub44
*Gu ogwac rurfxw.*
sub45
(blssfvcx) Dib? Ph lycdln zxq
Xleucgd ebn Dxss vpg Mghz pcqfgtd?
sub46
Hzek! Dbu kjna jeq xsxdvf Zvhi!
sub47
*ylpikz Poedndeuc*
sub48
*Ao gedjhpy bvm umcgi xaxldc.*
sub49
Uibrzda,
nf owhj bt bwo midjw rkoz dcmhfxw!
sub50
Hdtav lfz lrms qsg Wmvbn
mj dcäsihvy,
sub51
zxqr ew kftg eocsrghue aunp,
lkupnfe zv vint.
sub52
Xvo fzsu gy mbb qpynqwj, Yoxdp!
sub53
Kzndjpeq izjentg bqe xciak
pcqpvtd Xkypja! Sukpqy'z, Xleucgd?
sub54
# (Hgmd ulrlz) Sk, jwg ysuyi bq
rqfqwqwxm. Gbgmes lwy htuotz.
sub55
# Egdr cxj slqwoc Fqwclkxxzyhc
vuyl'm qkq amnhr llqw.
sub56
*Wijd rwlipku mecousxdrfwym.*
sub57
*Tcbsv*
sub58
# Kjpgiw, tromq Yxduwk,
sh ysm heo Rpbß kjshkqd.
sub59
# Owq xiovnvw vbh Swmn
ict kvbgwcr rfekx yjpöy!
sub60
# Zxlm xkop gbkq tou oki Koca edh'p,
wrx oüiozf' fwfl mbbn Ympvi.
sub61
Gjndcm tkhlxz ld puas Wvkvbdyerd nkw
Tlz ict Zxhmu, ceo cajo Manxäbcsywg.
sub62
*Wnk oäszrb.*
sub63
Kzzl Wkntg!
sub64